why not?

don't forget to 'npm install' your dependencies first

and set the correct permissions

"done without errors.", at least that's what I think it said. I was expecting something else. let's see if it starts up.

interesting off-by-1 error with updates to the Gruntfile.js. Probably an easy fix, will look at late (hopefully). The problem is that it's still running the old grunt file even though you really want it to be running the fresh Gruntfile.js after the pull.

last watchmen test seemed good enough, let's try this one again

^^^^sideband is editable. good thing or we might have confused it with the last message. this test will take at least two commits...standby

expected that. now let's try the second one.

probably helps to restart watchmen after you push an update...shouldn't it update itself?

need some rest, the answers are right there and very simple, just don't have theclarity right now to manifest them. will try again in the morning...it *does* run however :)

dinner with kim's parents, [SURVIVOR](http://www.cbs.com/shows/survivor), and probably a game of [innovation+expansions](http://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/6388/innovation). i'll be back later tonight

somewhere between sfo1.nlayer.net and wherever digital ocean's sfo servers are, my packets are experiencing massive loss...pos...how am I supposed to work like this (committing from dev-test server over ssh)

routes are back up apparently. testing watchmen insta-deploy now

worked as expected. let's try an update

trying again

and now the update

more logging in watchmen

testing the logging now

more logging

these tests will probably come in pairs of 2 for a bit longer

again

again

again

again

again

again

just try it!

and try again

and now the real test

brought in some help 'npm install ps-tree', let's see if it worked

initial deployment works...we know that

no reason it shouldn't work a 3rd time in a row.... :/

need to find some food

back running on sublime text 3 + package control + git
this should be much faster

setup your ssh key && git remote set-url origin git@github.com:username/project.git

ok...quick commit -> push to github two keystrokes away from where you were just coding is risky

installed the grunt plugin, but it doesn't work for me. i have the facerace project and watchmen projects in my workspace right now, grunt asks what file i want to use and then disappears...thanks...now running "shell command": sh + enter + grunt + enter

more child process problems...my sublime text 3 shell plugins don't seem to terminate when i get back from a grunt run...there is a bug in face race right now where when you refresh the page it's just black

no time to figure out why i can't open up port 3006 on my local network

kickstarting watchmen

kickstart try 2

works on the linux desktop, surface pro, and now to test on the nexus 4

wswa orientation and canvassing...we'll see

goodbye party for some local scientists. don't worry, they are just moving to a new university (UCR)

restarted WATCHMEN so it picks up the new branch

log debugging..fun

first time?

still has a global dependency on browserify..and probably others

store run...food doesn't just come to me :(

eating and committing

good thing we can just try again

poor/rich man's deploy (WATCHMEN)

maybe I should stop running WATCHMEN though SSH if I'm going to be turning my machine off...

survivor, innovation, dinner, you know the drill

starting up

http://107.170.237.209:3006/

hmm, just deleted the deployment directories and this commit will give me a fresh start

sigh

we'll see

lunch..if this works

maybe some issues in watchmen, i'll have to keep watching it